Polling interval: add definition (#35353)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/common-tasks/general.markdown

## Defining a custom polling interval

If you want to define a specific interval at which your device is being polled for data, you can disable the default polling interval and create your own polling automation.

> ## What is data polling?

Reviewer: Side note: It would be cool to link to this from a term so we can easily reuse this explanation in the integration pages.

Author: https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/pull/35366

## Defining a custom polling interval

If you want to define a specific interval at which your device is being polled for data, you can disable the default polling interval and create your own polling automation.

## What is data polling?

Data polling is the process of querying a device or service at regular intervals to check for updates or retrieve data. By defining a custom polling interval, you can control how frequently your system checks for new data, which can help optimize performance and reduce unnecessary network traffic.

## Why use an automation instead of changing the integration's polling configuration?

Creating an automation for polling gives you more flexibility on when to poll:

> 1. Not all integrations have a configurable polling interval. The homassistant.update_entity service on the other hand works with most of the integrations, no code changes required.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Not all integrations have a configurable polling interval. The homeassistant.update_entity service, on the other hand, works with most of the integrations; no code changes are required.
```
